Well, let me give you a massive welcome to the definitive AI Coder program.

This is the Missing Manual.

Over the course of three weeks, I'm going to take you on this extraordinary journey

that will end up with you being an expert at agentic engineering.

But first, a word of caution.

You need to buckle up.

You need to strap in because I have a wild ride in store for you.

This is going to be a roller coaster.

I have so much to show you.

Let me tell you all about it.

It is standard fare with these kinds of programs.

A good way to go about doing it is to begin with the objectives, introduce myself, give

you the curriculum and the logistics, except I don't do that.

If you've been on any of our programs before, you know perfectly well that I always like

to start with instant gratification.

Let's roll up sleeves.

Let's build something together.

There'll be plenty of time to come back later and do all of that stuff.

In the next three weeks, we're going to be working with a number of different AI products

that generate code.

But for today, we're going to start with Cursor.

Super popular, very easy to use, and it has a free trial if you haven't used it before.

So that's what we're going to use.

If you've used Cursor before and you've spent all of the free trial and you don't want to

use it anymore, you don't need to.

You can just watch what I do right now, or you can follow along with another product if you like.

We're just going to do something super simple because we want to use an AI to generate code

right away, and then we'll get on with the program. Let's go do it.

So the first thing to do is to bring up a browser.

I'm in Chrome right here, and I'm going to Cursor.com.

Cursor, C-U-R-S-O-R dot com.

Press enter, and here we are.

We are in Cursor's website.

It says it's built to make you extraordinarily productive.

Cursor is the best way to code with AI.

Well, we'll be the judge of that.

We'll be using a few of these, and we can decide ourselves.

But for now, we are going to use Cursor.

So the first thing to do is to download it and install it locally, which we will do now.

And it's worth keeping an eye on the program resources, which will be linked in the platform

to make sure that nothing's changed.

There's no extra instructions as you go, but it should be pretty simple.

You start by going to download, and you can download the right version for your platform.

For me, I'm on a Mac, an ARM Mac, an M1 Mac, but you might pick Mac, Windows, or Linux.

And actually, on the landing page, probably the button right here is allowing you immediately

to download the versions for your platform.

So download that file.

I'll press it now to download for Mac, and then you will launch it on your computer once

it's downloaded.

And just for the PC people to show you, here I am in a Microsoft Edge browser.

I've gone to cursor.com, and download for Windows is the default button, which I'm pressing right now too.

And that's now downloading for the PC as well.

And so then on Windows, once it's downloaded, you open the file, the usual stuff.

You say you accept the agreement.

You press next, and then you just pick the normal defaults, including that last one in

particular, add to path is important.

And then next, and then install, and Cursor will be installed on your PC.

On a Mac, you just drag the box over to applications, and you're done.

And when that's done, we will then get started with Cursor.

And the first time you come into Cursor, you should be prompted to sign in or sign up.

And of course, you're going to want to sign up if you don't already have a Cursor account,

which should be free for the first few weeks, which is all that we need it for.

And if you get this screen, you can just press the sign in button there.

Or if you don't see this screen, you should be able to go to the file menu and say new

menu, new window, and then you will see this screen.

And then you press the sign in button.

It brings up a Cursor window in the browser like this.

Sign into Cursor, continue to sign in.

And then you can say, don't have an account, sign up.

And this is the screen where you then enter your details, answer a few questions, and

then you will have an account with Cursor that you can sign into.

As I say, it should be there for a trial period, should be free for a couple of weeks, which

is all that we need to give it a good test run.

If you already have a Cursor account, so much the better.

OK, I will see you over in Cursor.

If you have any problems with this, do look at the program resources or shoot me a question

so I can help you out.

OK, so then when you launch Cursor, this is what you see.

You see the Cursor screen.

If you don't see exactly this screen, go to the File menu and choose New Window.

And then this is what you'll get.

It may not say Pro here if you don't have a Pro account, if you're on the free trial account.

And if you see Login here, you press that Login.

Again, any problems, message me.

All right, the first thing we're going to do is open a project.

And I'm going to show you what it looks like on a Mac and then on a PC.

So Cursor is based on VS Code.

And you may be very familiar with this already if you use VS Code.

But open a project really means I want to select a directory on my computer.

That directory will be used to house everything related to this project.

And it's typical for people to start in their home directory.

Mine is called Ed.

And then to go to a folder called Projects, where you have your own projects.

And if you don't have such a folder, you press New Folder to create projects.

But I do have such a folder. Here it is.

And here I've got lots of projects.

Here are all my projects.

And what I can do now is press New Folder.

And I can type out Instant for the name of this Instant project.

And press Create.

And here I am inside Instant.

And then I press Open.

And it opens the project called Instant.

And you'll tell that because it says Instant in block capitals right there.

OK, now let me show you the same thing on a PC.

So here I am on Cursor on the PC.

If it says Sign In right there, I can click there to go through and sign in to Cursor.

Otherwise, I can press Open Project. It comes up.

This is the kind of browser on a PC.

I'm in my Home folder again. Ed.

I can create a New Folder.

Or I can go into Projects that already exist.

That's how you create a New Folder.

I'll go into Projects.

And I can create a New Folder.

I can call it Instant.

And there is Instant.

I can go into Instant.

And then say Select Folder.

And here we are.

We are now inside Instant.

You can see it says Instant on the top left.

That means we've got it right.

And this is the beginning of Cursor on a PC.

OK, so just orient you on Cursor.

We're seeing like three panes here.

On the left, this is showing the whole file system of our project of Instant.

And it's very empty.

We don't have many files here right now.

We will do very soon.

In the middle here is the main place where we'll see code.

And on the right, this is where we chat with an agent.

And if you're not seeing these three panes, then there's various.

If you go to the View menu, there's an Appearance submenu.

And you can toggle around different things until you do see these two panes.

I'm sure you'll figure it out.

Otherwise, message me.

OK, what we're now going to do is explore using the thing on the right,

the agent, to actually do some work for us for the first time.

Now, look, something that I feel very strongly about,

which I have on all of our programs,

is that when we build projects together,

and I like building projects together,

when we do it, I like them to have real-world commercial impact.

I like to build things which are actually valuable,

which perhaps you could think of monetizing at some point,

or use as like a springboard for something else that you want to build.

So for me, being business relevant, business first, is super important.

And invariably, I like my projects to have business impact. But not today.

Today is going to be an exception, the only exception.

Every one of the projects we do on this program

are going to have important business impact, except for this one.

Today, we're just going to have some fun.

Because what better way to start than with something a bit entertaining?

So we're going to start with a fun project.

But don't worry, if you're more all business,

it's going to be all business after this point.

OK, let me show this to you.

When we click on the right over here, we can talk to an LLM.

We can talk to a language model, to an agent, and have it do some work for us.

And if you're wondering what all of these things are,

don't worry, tomorrow I'm going to go through a lot of the constructs,

agents, how they work, what they do, and so on.

And if you know all this already, well then, you've seen this before,

but we're just going to have some fun.

It's going to build from here.

OK, so what we put in here is going to be a message to our coding agent,

like our sidekick, that's going to work with us on this.

And just below here, we can choose what model are we going to use,

what AI is going to sit behind this and work on it for us.

And depending on your plan, you might not be allowed to choose.

It might be set to auto, which means cursor gets to choose.

But on the plan that I'm on, I can actually choose.

And I have chosen GPT 5.2 codecs,

one of the strongest models that there are as of today.

So that's the one that we will use for now.

And in here, I'm going to put the request that I have for this AI to work with me.

OK, and this is the request.

Please build a website for a 3D first-person shooter game

in an arena against one computer opponent

controlled by arrow keys and space bar to shoot.

All right, I'm sending that off, and so should you.

And off it goes doing stuff.

You can see the actions it's taken written here.

It's planning the next moves.

It's listed, it's exploring.

And off it goes doing stuff.

And it's writing a file.

A file just got written called index.html, or it's in the middle of writing it.

Now, it's possible that it's going to ask you for permission to do various things,

in which case, as long as you're happy with it, you should say yes.

But it may well not, like mine.

It depends on your settings.

But I believe the default will be the same as me,

and it will just go off and do this stuff, creating files, writing stuff.

And I am using GPT 5.2 codecs, and you might be using a different model.

And the thing is, and something that you'll get familiar with on this program,

is that every one of us will have a different experience.

There is some uncertainty here.

It is not necessarily predictable what happens next.

But this agent is off, it's doing stuff, and it's working on index.html.